[MUSIC PLAYING]
[THEME MUSIC]
>>JAY WEIDNER: Hi, everybody.
I'm Jay Weidner.
You're watching
"Cosmic Disclosure,"
and we are back with
our guest, Jason Rice.
Hey, Jason.
>>JASON RICE: Hi, Jay.
Thank you again for having me.
>>WEIDNER: Yeah, it's
great having you.
In a previous episode,
you talked at length
about the 20 & Back procedure.
And I was wondering
if there's anything
you want to add about
that so that people
can understand it better.
>>RICE: Certainly.
The Career Return program,
which I was a part of,
is also known by a
great many others
as the 20 & Back program.
>>WEIDNER: Oh, so, wait.
You did not know it
as the 20 & Back?
>>RICE: That's correct.
We did not refer to
it as the 20 & Back.
We referred to it
as a Career Return,
which is indicative of having
a career and returning.
CR.
>>WEIDNER: It sounds like
a military kind of term.
>>RICE: Sure.
Sure.
The whole process
of a Career Return
was to give the
soldiers an opportunity
to have and build on the
last experience and training
so that they could develop
further training and skills
and pass those on to other
soldiers that are also part
of the Career Return program.
>>WEIDNER: Before you
did your Career Return,
you did 20 years into
the Secret Space Program.
During your time, how
many different ET groups
did you meet?
And I guess we should also
include hybrids and things that
were created.
How many did you
meet, do you think?
>>RICE: During the entire
Career Return program,
there were two different
ETs on Planet One.
There were two
more on Planet Two.
And there were three
more on Planet Three.
There were also
other ETs that we
were working with
during the training
period at the very beginning
of my Career Return
and as well as at the very
end of my Career Return,
when I was on the other side
of the fence as a trainer.
>>WEIDNER: And you worked with
other ET groups as a trainer?
>>RICE: That's correct.
The ET that we
refer to as Charlie
during the initial
first day coming
into the underground
cave facility.
>>WEIDNER: The first ET
you actually ever saw?
>>RICE: The very first one
that I had at that point
recalled, because I
had seen and worked
with others during the
desensitization program
training.
The first one that I'd seen
and recalled up to that point,
his name was Charlie.
That's the name that
we had given to him.
And he didn't have a problem
with being called Charlie.
He was an EBEN, a typical Grey.
And his presence and
work with us in the FIG,
the Fort Indiantown
Gap cave facility,
was one in which he
was a resource for us.
And which sometimes
we would ask, OK,
what do you think about
using such and such a tactic?
And he would help them provide
his opinion or thoughts
on those tactics.
>>WEIDNER: How did you
communicate with him?
>>RICE: Mentally.
>>WEIDNER: What's an EBEN?
>>RICE: Extraterrestrial
Biological Entity.
>>WEIDNER: So he was like
a consultant in a way.
>>RICE: A 1099 consult.
>>WEIDNER: Did you ever
ask him what planet he
was from or anything like that?
>>RICE: When we asked
him, he would point.
>>WEIDNER: At the sky?
>>RICE: Yeah, he just
wouldn't give us the name.
And I think that was part
of the compartmentalization.
>>WEIDNER: Was he benevolent?
>>RICE: He certainly
behaved as if he was
from his friendly interactions.
After working for several
years with Charlie,
you can't help but like
the sense of humor.
It's got an alien
way of thinking
about things, but still an
endearing aspect to him.
>>WEIDNER: So tell us
about your first encounters
when you first
got to Planet One.
You meet these people, these
ETs from another planet,
and what was it like
when you first met them?
>>RICE: Going to Planet
One in our first mission
was one of intel, recon,
in which we were dispatched
to go into this city,
in which we had named
Area 26, as a delegation
from a faraway city,
far enough away that they
couldn't ask the neighbor
to run and ask questions
about who we were.
It was far enough away
that we caravanned
with a lot of supplies and
goods that we had purported
to be bringing from this
faraway city, in which we'd
wanted to start
establishing a trade route.
>>WEIDNER: Right.
>>RICE: And so the interactions
and the welcomings that
we'd received--
because it was me and my
entire platoon that were there.
Now we weren't all staying
in the same building,
or even in the
same neighborhood.
We had spread ourselves
out strategically
across the city in
groups of three or four,
and we were all
within five minutes
distance of another team.
Now the furthest
teams would have
taken a lot longer than
that to get to us if we
had a need for a backup.
So we didn't all arrive at the
same place at the same time,
as we felt that that would
have been too coincidental
and may have raised
some suspicions.
So we had people that
trickled in after,
some people that
trickled in days after,
so it appeared
that it was random.
And the welcome that we
received was one that
was very warm, real friendly.
The ETs, humanoids,
of Planet One
had not known a
war in generations.
So their concepts of acceptance
and friendliness and what
we would consider
being neighborly
was something that was
profoundly different
for a number of my soldiers.
Because growing
up in a large city
or a large metropolitan
area, you just
don't have that kind
of open welcome.
How are they different from
Earth humans in the way
they carried out
their activities?
They were genuinely
interested in the community
and pushing forth that.
And I think you'd
have to go back
into Earth history's
past, where you have
small colony-sized elements
of people that are living far
away from other
civilizations, where
it is of enormous benefit
for them to work together.
Planet Two, their
social structure
and how the family
unit was set up
was different than what
we were accustomed to,
in that between three and
four different couples were
considered a family.
>>WEIDNER: Right.
>>RICE: And they considered
each other their husbands
or their wives.
So that was also a vastly
different characteristic
between the humanoids
on Planet Two
as well as the
humans from Earth.
And then on Planet Three,
the prior existence
of organized crime
on that planet
meant that there
were already existing
some of the seedier and darker
sides of what we would consider
darker side of humanity.
Well, they had the
same thing there.
And Planet Three,
incidentally, was
the only one in
my experience that
had a type of fiat currency.
>>WEIDNER: Was there ever a time
that you or any of your buddies
where you wanted to
abandon IDARF and go live--
>>RICE: Go native?
>>WEIDNER: --Like "Avatar"?
>>RICE: No.
>>WEIDNER: No?
>>RICE: Nope.
For one thing, we
could be tracked,
and there was no escaping that.
>>WEIDNER: That's true.
>>RICE: And the
consequences of doing such--
Time is an illusion.
And to be able to reconfigure
some of the entertainment
value of the holographic systems
that we used to a punishment
was a very real possibility.
And so you could end up
spending five years in your mind
in a prison isolated or any
number of other punishments,
where in the reality of it, it
lasts five minutes, 10 minutes,
an hour.
>>WEIDNER: So one of
those would be enough to--
>>RICE: Enough to make you
not ever want to do it again.
And so to go native
and to go off the farm
and join the
indigenous population,
I'd say out of any
of the places that
would have been attractive
to me personally,
it would have been
Planet One and maybe even
some parts of Calidus
Three, before the wars
on both planets.
>>WEIDNER: Is there
anything that you
saw that showed their own
personal genius, things
that they made or created that
wasn't the same as on Earth?
>>RICE: Sure.
>>WEIDNER: Well, could
you describe that?
>>RICE: Some of the artwork
on Planet One that lined
the streets, if you can imagine
the Jules Verne industrialized
sub and all the dials and
brass and a very interesting
and unique mechanisms, some of
the artwork that these artists
produced were like a--
it truly was a work
of art and inspiring
in that it incorporated a
certain machine materialism
with natural shapes.
And so that in itself
was an inspiring view.
And they were everywhere.
They were all over the place.
The whole city was
decorated with it.
>>WEIDNER: On an intelligence
level, how would you rate them?
Equal to us?
>>RICE: I would say that they
had every bit of intelligence
as we did.
>>WEIDNER: How
about on Planet Two?
Same thing?
>>RICE: Same thing.
Planet Two was the same way.
>>WEIDNER: How about
the Insectoids?
Were they intelligent?
>>RICE: Very.
>>WEIDNER: Very intelligent.
And the cyclopians?
>>RICE: Yep.
They also were.
>>WEIDNER: Again,
comparable to us today?
>>RICE: Yep.
>>WEIDNER: And they
only have one eye.
>>RICE: Mm-hm.
>>WEIDNER: So they don't have
three dimensional vision?
>>RICE: Nope.
>>WEIDNER: That would seem
that humans and the Insectoids
would have a great
advantage over them.
>>RICE: So the cyclopians,
because they only
had a single eye, eliminated
their depth perception.
Now in place of that,
their empathic abilities
and being able to feel--
and when I asked about
that, their ability
to energetically feel
things in their environment
was how they explained that's
how they compensated for it.
>>WEIDNER: Right.
>>RICE: The Insectoids
had something
of a leg up because of their
developed telepathic abilities.
The process of carrying on a
conversation between two people
requires thinking,
communicating internally
to your voice box and your mouth
and your lips and your tongue,
and then forming the words.
It's a process.
Whereas if you can
remove that entire need
for the communication
to happen, you
have a lot faster,
clearer, communication.
>>WEIDNER: Sure.
>>RICE: And so along with
the ability to communicate
in a language, you can also
communicate with images,
with feelings, with a
whole host of other things
that are cut out of the
act of just talking.
>>WEIDNER: I see what you mean.
>>RICE: I see what
you mean, literally.
>>WEIDNER: Literally.
So you think that
would have given
the Insectoids a great
advantage in the war
and that they would win?
>>RICE: Absolutely.
>>WEIDNER: How come they didn't?
>>RICE: The numbers.
>>WEIDNER: They
overwhelmed them.
>>RICE: Well the Insectoids were
outnumbered by the cyclopians
and the humanoids.
And as you know, all three
were residents of Planet Three.
And so while they had reached
a tenuous coexistence,
there were still
conflicts at the borders
or over certain territories or
over certain resource rights.
And so they're one against two.
And the reason why they
hadn't been destroyed,
I think, it was because they
had their telepathic abilities,
which meant that they were
able to also monitor, read,
hear what the humanoids and
the cyclopians never said.
>>WEIDNER: Right.
>>RICE: So it definitely
gave them a huge leg
up in intelligence and
all number of fields.
>>WEIDNER: We strategize in our
wars and everything according
to our abilities--
how fast we can run,
how good we can shoot,
and all that kind of thing.
The Insectoids are a completely
different species than us.
So what was the
difference in the way
that they strategized as opposed
to how we would strategize?
>>RICE: One of the
very important things
to keep in mind
right off the bat is
that what is considered to be
logic and reason to a humanoid
is not the case when it
comes to an alien species,
even if it's a alien
humanoid, but especially so
for an alien insectoid.
You have in the
alien insectoid race
a entity that
thinks differently.
They have psychic abilities.
They have the ability to climb
up walls and on ceilings.
Their entire development
through the eons
followed a different track--
different religions,
different spiritual beliefs.
Taking into account that it
is a vastly different way
of thinking, their approach
to it and to tactics
is going to be based on
trying to take advantage
of their strengths and trying
to take advantage of the enemy's
weaknesses.
Now what are their strengths?
Some of their strengths would
be in that their communications,
taking advantage of
dark, taking advantage
of ambush, in which they were
able to have one scout placed
or positioned for another group
or team that never even had
to lay eye on the ambush
site because they had
that feed through one
of their other soldiers
or their other individuals.
Their tactics are going
to be wrapped around--
since they do see in a
different light spectrum,
they are able to see on an
infrared in complete darkness.
They don't need
starlight to do it,
so they can take advantage
of either underground or
subterranean combat.
They operate a lot more
easily in darkness.
So they would confine themselves
to those types of situations
and scenarios, where they
can take full advantage
of those tactical strengths.
>>WEIDNER: Humans
and all hominids
have what is called
the vagus nerve system.
It's a system in the
brain, and it connects
and makes us empathetic.
>> Mm-hm.
>>WEIDNER: One of the
reasons that humans
have survived and thrived is
because of the vagus nerve
system.
We cooperate with each
other, and it helps us.
Birds and insects do not
have the vagus nerve system,
so they don't have the
ability to cooperate.
It's just not built
into their system.
But you're saying that
these Insectoids actually
did have empathy
and could cooperate.
And I'm just wondering, are
they maybe more humanoid
than we really think?
Or are they pure insects?
I mean, what did
they appear to you?
>>RICE: Yeah, that's
a great question.
They appeared with their own
version of a star pattern.
Is it possible that
their ancient DNA
had been tampered with?
Absolutely.
And considering that all
three planets mentioned
star travelers in some
of their old writings,
it seems to me that there
is a good chance that that
is exactly what happened.
Now the empathy for their own
kind was definitely present.
If I had ever doubted
that, my being a prisoner
and sharing a cell with
a mother and a daughter
surely showed that to me, that
they were capable of empathy
and caring for and looking
after their own kind.
>>WEIDNER: Do these
Insectoids walk upright?
>>RICE: They do.
>>WEIDNER: Do they have
forearms like we have?
>>RICE: They have
insect-jointed forearms.
They have reverse-jointed legs--
or knees, I should say.
Their joints are closer to
a grasshopper's joints than
a humanoid's.
Their eyes have a highly
reflective silver color
to them.
Their blood, whereas humans'
blood has iron in its content
which accounts
for the red color,
their blood has
cobalt, which accounts
for the deep blue
color of their blood.
>>WEIDNER: Are
they blue-skinned?
>>RICE: No.
>>WEIDNER: What
color is their skin?
>>RICE: Bright
yellowish green skin.
And they're small.
I mean, they're--
>>WEIDNER: How tall?
>>RICE: --4 and 1/2 feet
tall as the tallest.
>>WEIDNER: Are they fast?
>>RICE: Yes, very fast.
>>WEIDNER: Can they fly?
>>RICE: Nope.
>>WEIDNER: Did they
have technology?
>>RICE: They had technology on
par with the other two races
on Planet Three, which was to
say that it was not beginning,
but progressing industrially.
>>WEIDNER: Are they still
fighting on Planet Three?
>>RICE: I have no idea.
That's a good question.
When I left there after
my shuttle was shot down,
the alien invasion
had not started,
and they were still trying to
get these three opposing forces
to work together.
>>WEIDNER: Were
they really trying
to get the three opposing
forces to work together?
>>RICE: That's a good question.
Were they trying to
wipe one out or limit?
I mean, on the
prior two planets,
the population reduction
was in the billions.
>>WEIDNER: Wow.
>>RICE: So getting rid of
an entire race would not
be beyond the scope of what
they were capable of doing
or were interested in.
>>WEIDNER: So you say that
there are billions of people
who died in these wars.
Is it the first planet was
the war with the werewolves?
>>RICE: That's correct.
The werewolf invasion and the
fighting off of that invasion
is what's responsible for
the deaths of those people.
>>WEIDNER: How
did you eventually
defeat the
werewolves, since they
were so fierce and vicious?
>>RICE: The way we
were able to defeat
them was through the use
of a very limited amount
of advanced technology, because
the war was at the point
where it was either
lose it or use it.
And the powers that be
decided that they would,
in a very limited fashion,
use, for instance, more
advanced explosives.
They didn't allow
us to use our combat
suits or our advanced weapons.
>>WEIDNER: Why not?
>>RICE: Because they didn't
think they needed to.
>>WEIDNER: Did they
have burial rituals?
>>RICE: They did.
The unfortunate aspect of
the needs of combat tactics
meant that a lot of
times, those ceremonies--
we weren't able to fulfill
that because you can't
take three hours out of your
mission to go through a burial
ceremony.
It ends up being a mass burial.
And we keep track of
it and write it down
and keep records of how many are
there, if you can count them.
And part of the cleanup
process on Calidus Three
involved going around
to all the battle sites
and collecting the
hybrids, and that
includes some of
Earth's corporations
coming and collecting
parts and pieces.
>>WEIDNER: So you're saying they
would pick up the werewolves
and then back engineer them?
>>RICE: Picking up
pieces, everything
from fluid regulators to joints
to ball and socket connections
to their visual cortex
and how those were made,
everything from the
tip of their ears
down to the bottom
of their claws.
If you've got something
that's advanced,
and that was clearly
an advanced creation--
And I think it's
important to note
that the difference between
extraterrestrial biological
entities and these created
hybrids, which are what I'd
encountered on Planet
One and Planet Two
in the technical sense are not
ETs, they're hybrid creations.
So being able to go and
collect those parts and pieces
are of extreme value to certain
organizations or corporations
in that they can now
incorporate the ideas
and thoughts behind
these mechanical joints
into a surgical
knee replacement or
into an augmented
or assisted strength
attachment for a human
or a robotic arm,
any number of applications.
>>WEIDNER: So
you've been implying
that the Dracos are
really at the heart,
especially of the werewolves
and the attack on Planet One.
Did you ever meet
or see a Draco?
>>RICE: Thankfully, no.
I did not have to work with
them or interact with them.
>>WEIDNER: Why do
you say thankfully?
>>RICE: Because
I'd just rather not
have to deal with that
type of negative energies.
>>WEIDNER: Have you
heard about people
who had interacted with them?
>>RICE: Yes.
The Mars-German friend that
shared the intelligence
with me about the Draco
and their involvement, part
of the communication
process that we
had learned during
our IDARF training
was similar to what I
had mentioned before
with the Insectoids, being able
to psychically share images.
That was also part
of the protocols
that we were
trained on and being
able to share not just
communications, but images back
and forth.
>>WEIDNER: Right.
>>RICE: And so the images
that he had shared with me
of the Draco--
of their negotiations,
of their taking
the multiple prisoners
from the Antarctic Germans
during the exchange,
what they looked like,
the feelings that came
along with the experience--
are not something that I
would want or wish on anybody,
least of which I would
want to experience myself.
>>WEIDNER: Right.
>>RICE: So from a standpoint
of interacting with them,
with that negative entity, the
Mars-Germans, a select few,
had done that.
And the exchange of
information with me from Johann
carried all kinds of
the feelings associated
with having to do that.
>>WEIDNER: Did Johann have any
interactions with the Draco?
>>RICE: He'd seen
them at a distance.
>>WEIDNER: He had.
>>RICE: But he had not had to
directly interact with them.
His family on Mars
back in Newarsburg.
His family were fairly
highly connected,
which accounts for his
placement into IDARF
because that's what
he wanted to do,
so he was able to make
those arrangements.
So he had family members
that had worked directly
with the Draco.
And the way he'd
explained it to me
was that the Draco aren't
interested in talking
to everybody.
They will only talk to
very limited few humans
because they see them as
far below their stature
and not worthy of
an interaction.
So most of the
interactions with humans
were only when they had to.
And when they had to, it was
with those that are in charge.
>>WEIDNER: Did that change after
you defeated the werewolves?
>>RICE: The Draco?
>>WEIDNER: Yeah.
>>RICE: No.
Part of their plan was to
have the planetary population
reduced, even if it meant
their proxy werewolves were
destroyed.
That was all part of their plan.
>>WEIDNER: Why would they
want the population reduced?
>>RICE: Because it provided
a motivating factor
for the remaining population
that were left alive to agree
and consent to whatever it was
that they were being asked.
>>WEIDNER: What is your
strongest takeaway experience
from dealing with these ETs?
Which ET group had the
most influence on you
through your life afterwards?
>>RICE: The ET group that
had the largest effect on me
would hands down be the
civilization on Calidus Three
because I'd been able to
experience both the fighting
and the rebuilding.
And as part of the growth
process for me personally
in trying to raise
my own vibrations
and approach to
interactions with people,
maintaining a positive attitude,
staying hopeful, and not
focusing on the
negative aspects that
could be anything from stubbing
your toe to a flat tire,
not carrying those
things with me,
is the people that
survived that war.
They had a choice to make.
They could either wear all of
that pain on their shoulders,
or they could face it
and work on clearing it
and continue their lives with
an aspect of hope and love
and happiness.
And so for me, that was probably
one of the biggest factors
that I'd encountered.
And it changed me
drastically after seeing
that, in that when I had
left that duty station
and continued on to the 333rd
training regiment, in which I
became one of the trainers,
it affected how I approached
my training of tomorrow's
soldiers, the ones
that we're going to be going
out within the next year or two.
And that as much as I could, I
did everything within my power
to try and impart on them the
need for facing challenges,
identifying what
those challenges mean
to them individually, being
able to clear that so that
through integrity and
honesty and compassion,
being able to move forward
without having that
and the experiences
they were inevitably
going to go through wear them
down, weigh them down, and hold
them back.
>>WEIDNER: Would you
go back if you could?
>>RICE: Would I go back to
Planet One, Two, or Three?
Absolutely.
Would I go back to help be
a part of some false flag
operation?
Not in a million years.
>>WEIDNER: Well, Jason, thank
you for coming on the show.
Really appreciate it.
>>RICE: Thank you,
Jay, for having me.
I'm super appreciative of
the opportunity to be here.
>>WEIDNER: And you've been
watching "Cosmic Disclosure."
I'm Jay Weidner.
And thanks for watching.
>> Coming this season
on "Cosmic Disclosure,"
where people share their
clandestine involvement with
government agencies,
the military,
and secret space programs.
>>SMITH: The devices
will not work
unless the tissue from the craft
and the tissue from the person
who had the craft are together.
>>RICE: You keep them busy.
You keep them distracted.
And you keep them
occupied elsewhere.
And then before you
know it, there's
an entire system in place
that's controlling them.
[MUSIC PLAYING]